So my Atlas cluster is starting, now
Atlas is a powerful tool for getting your mongodb environment up and running. Important for you is if you've
got backups turned on, you can restore them here once they are available of course,
you can also configure alerts,
alerts allow you to see what happened,
it also allows you to create new alerts here with add new alert where you can get an e-mail when
something happens, like for example when a user logs in or when the average execution time
for reads is above a certain millisecond value,
so somehow your reads are taking too long and you want to check in if something is going on. So you
can set a bunch of alerts here for all kinds of things to always keep track of what's happening in
your cluster which is of course super useful.
And in general, I encourage you to of course check out the atlas docs to learn everything about Atlas
when you plan using it in production. It is my strong recommendation to use Atlas as a managed solution
for getting your mongodb environment up and running unless you are a system admin and you absolutely
know what you're doing when you want to configure everything on your own which you also can do but which
is not covered in this course as this course of course is for developers.
Now let me wait for this to finish and then we'll see how we can connect to our cluster.